welcome to yet another unboxing today I
have something pretty cool actually I
have five things that are pretty cool so
I had the Diablo series of qck limited
edition mouse pads from Steel series so
they're limited edition branded mouse
pads tend to get a lot of praise for a
couple of reasons one of them is that
the artwork is usually like badass
whether it's their Starcraft ones their
Warcraft ones or in this case finally we
have Diablo ones and the other reason is
that the qck is just the best mousepad a
bar and that's a bar with an a not with
and two E's so we're gonna have a look
at one of them to start and then I'm
gonna unbox them all off camera and then
show you all the different artworks that
are available with the qck so you can
see this is a cloth mousepad it's a
flexible nose pad this one is the just
the plain Diablos and we're back so my
evidence then I truly think the qck is
like the bestest mousepad ever is that I
have my ancient beat-up qck plus on my
desk which has actually been machine
washed probably about three times it's
starting to get pretty threadbare but I
truly do love the qck and one of the
things that SteelSeries has managed to
do with their graphics covered mouse
pads is they've managed to make it so
your mouse doesn't track like crap in
spite of the graphics on it so whether
that's the ink they're using or whether
it's the way they're designing the
patterns I actually don't know but
unlike so many mouse pads with artwork
on them they don't they don't skip as
you cross over from a light to a dark to
a dark color so that's really cool it
comes with us feel series sticker as
well as a little SteelSeries brochure
about their other products so give me a
sec your guys I'm gonna open up them all
and and we'll go through them so here
we've got five different Diablo 3 mouse
pads we've got the stay Plain Jane
Diablo 3 one personally I think this is
actually my favorite although if I had
to pick a second favorite it would
definitely be the witch hunter so if you
want to get in close he'll be able to
hear I'm gonna bring the light
closer so that the lighting is good so
you can really see how awesome they look
so slick educated me and evidently this
is the barbarian this is the witch
hunter this is the monk this is not the
butt oh no this is the witch doctor
witch doctor and then this is the rogue
or demon hunter whichever you prefer I'm
calling it a rogue he insists it's a
demon hunter because it has a crossbow
to which I replied that rogues may also
use crossbows
in pretty much every game I've ever
played to which he was like Touche so
that is pretty much how our conversation
went
while we were opening them up in between
trying to figure out how to get all of
the boxes open in the first place so in
conclusion the qck is a wicked awesome
mousepad it lasts for like a couple
years these ones have some pretty neat
graphics on them that look like pretty
neat and they're like licensed by
Blizzard so you know that it actually
cost SteelSeries a lot more to make
these the actual cost of the materials
because Blizzard always takes their cut
and no offense to anyone from Blizzard
who's watching this I know that you know
everyone's gotta earn a living so thank
you for checking out my unboxing of the
SteelSeries diablo 3 mouse pads don't
forget to subscribe to - tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos and i almost miss the most
important part its got like an awesome
rubberized back that makes it so that
once you put it down it law okay well
this is a bad example because i have a
tablecloth but it doesn't move up come
over here you cannot move the mouse pad
once you put it down in spite of the
fact that this one paul dime check that
out in spite of the fact that this one
has been washed in the machines several
times and still works and probably needs
to be washed now because when my kettle
in my towers here my cats jump up here
and then up here and then if their paws
are dirty then they get it all dirty
it's disgusting don't forget to
subscribe